Pardon me?
speak wildly
I'll bankrupt you with one phone call
I want to see what else you can take to fight me
How much money does it have?
They own real estate.
Entertainment Internet three major sectors
Almost stubborn
Brother, I just transferred troops to Dynasty Group
You bring your subordinates
Go to the Mars team of the three major plates of the Night Market Group
Carrying pig gossip
OK, then go get it.
Hahaha Chen Tianze, you are not only accurate.
You're still crazy
How much money does Wang Midnight add to the team?
They are all my relatives
Graduates spend a lot of money to train
Just because you can't dig your brother
In the face of absolute interests
Cronies can also be betrayed
You're just waiting to see the show
I'm too lazy to talk nonsense with you
You do it for me
After all, Miss Deng also went to the stall to have an accident
What's the matter, what's the matter with you talking nicely?